Outline of the presentation


Introduction: (Bob)

Algemeen uitleg over wat een riemann probleem inhoud.


numerical methods: (Ferre)
	TVDLF: 
	...
	Vertel iets over de werking van alle methode die we gebruiken... Heel kort maar.
	...

Working method, interaction with the server: (Bob)
	\slide  MPI-AMRVAC and HPC
	Of course did we not implement all these methods are selfs.
	We used the provided software amrvac for doing this.
	This is an open source software tool that is developed at the kuleuven.
	But probably is every body familiar with this software so we are not going to go deeper in this.
	
	To get accurate predictions of the schemes it was necessary to use a fine enough grid to perform our calculations.
	This in terms resulted in a large computational task.
	To get results in a reasonable time we got to use the High performance computer located somewhere in flanders.
	
	The interface of this computer was not a usual graphical interface but had to be done over ssh.
	This was a little bit inconvenient to use.
	so we decided to do something about this interfacing problem.
	
	\slide Server interaction
	
	To make life easier we wanted to be able to change all the files locally and do as little as possible over an ssh connection.
	To achieve this goal we wrote a script that did this for us.
	The idea was to setup all the necessary files to start the compilation of the software locally. 
	When we ran the script it would than take all those files, move them to the correct location on the server,
	compile the code, create a job for it and submit this job to the cluster.
	This process could all be run in parallel so that we where able to submit all 5 jobs (each with an other solver ) in under 2 min.
	After the jobs where finished running (and off course we had a script running to check for that as well) we could run the same script as before
	but with an other parameter to get all the data at the same time, it compressed it automatically and dowloaded it to our computer.
	
	This approach worked really well for us, to check each of the different initial conditions we just had to change one file on our own computer
	and run the one script again.
	Without the calculation time included we where able to setup a new initial condition and return the data in less than 10 minutes
	(Of course we had to wait longer till the calculations where finished.)
	
	A last thing we tried was to run the code on the local network of the computer science building.
	On this network all of the necessary software to run amrvac was available.
	It turned out this was possible but only for a small amount of computers and for a short time.
	We think the network was not stable enough to support the amrvac software.
	although the firewall of the computer science labs could block it as well.
	



Resultaten Deel A:(Ferre)
	Bespreking van 2 voorbeelden.

Resultaten Deel B: (Bob)
	Bespreking van de explosie
	(De error bij somige methode, druk negatief (assertion error))
Resultaten Deel C: (Bob)
	Heel kort weten we niet veel over.